Name: Shang Jiang
A Place: Reykjavik

Reykjavik is the capital of the world's highest latitude (64 degrees 09 minutes north) and is home to nearly two-thirds of Iceland's population. Reykjavik has no high-rise buildings, and you can look out over the sea from the city center. In the center of the old town, the churches, the old parliament buildings, and the squares are just as they were when they were first built, and you can feel the culture of the country as you walk through the streets. Rather than a large Scandinavian city, it is a small town, a town full of surprises at any time, with a loose and lazy atmosphere, where residents lead a very sophisticated life. 

Reykjavík is the hub for all Icelandic travelers. Many people are obsessed with the natural beauty of Iceland, such as glaciers, waterfalls, volcanoes and aurora borealis, but forget to explore the excitement and fun of Reykjavik. 

Located at the highest point of the city, Hallgrímskirkja is a Reykjavík landmark, named after the 17th-century Icelandic hymn poet Hallgrímur Pétursson. The church has a unique appearance, with a normal distribution of progressive trapezoids and a huge pipe organ inside. When in Reykjavík, Hallgrímskirkja is an absolute must-see.

Harpa is a highly designed music and conference center next to Reykjavik's old harbor and is the venue for the annual Iceland Airwaves and Sónar Music Festival. The exterior of Harpa is made of transparent glass. In this way, you can enter the lobby, look out through the glass windows, and be enchanted by the open views of the ocean and mountains.

Perlan, also a landmark of Iceland's capital Reykjavík, is located on Öskjuhlíð Hill and stands 25.7 meters high. Perlan, shaped like a crystal ball, is a hemispherical building built by the Icelandic capital's hot water supply company. Entering Perlan, you can see the glacier and the ice cave, which has the first man-made ice cave in the world. 

I was hopelessly fascinated by the beauty and legends of Reykjavik. When the unpredictable Northern Lights appeared, it was a trance that made you feel like you were already in a cold wonderland at the end of the world.